---
title: "01.022"
date: 2021-12-29T17:55:16-08:00
draft: true
---
"So I was thinking, the people of Iceland are big into these legends of elves. They think they live in rocks in lava fields and other areas like that."

"Right..." said Ella as she paged through Jae-Young's notes. 

"So... we aren't going to be finding cosmopolitan elves hanging around in Reykjavik and running coffee shops and whatever."

"Why not? I wouldn't have expected one to be a film grad student in New York either!"

"Point. But I doubt they go to the grocery store and tell the cashier they want a lottery ticket, a pack of smokes, and a magical ring to disguise themselves, oh yeah, the pink one with built in mood stone." Jae was talking excitedly but under his breath as they sat across from one another in the coffeehouse[^1]. The unlucky undergrads  around them all had headphones in their ears as they studied for their finals on the very last day before break. 

Three tables over, Kothin sat, hunched over a book in a pantomime of the students around them. 

"Nah, they'd definitely go for the ring pop one. Magical camo and delicious lollipop all in one."

"So I figure any elves have got to be living out in the open or something. Somewhere kind of remote where humans occasionally see them from  far away but never close enough for proof."

"You do realize a lot of Iceland is the definition of remote, right?"

"Yeah. I do."

They stopped and spent time coming through the documents that Jae-Young had pulled together. 

"Jae... I, ummm, wanted to thank you for doing all this. And going with me to Iceland. You know you don't have to, right?" Ella tentatively ventured. 

"Hey... don't worry. This is my history too."

"But this could be super dangerous. I've been stabbed. Twice!"

"Don't deny my agency in this. My whole life I have been a freak hiding who I am. This is my chance to find out more. I would take it even if you weren't involved."

Ella read through the notes one more time and pulled out her phone to look at a map of Iceland. She knew something was bothering her. Something they were missing. 

"I am going to get another espresso. You want anything?"

Jae-Young nodded his head no, still engrossed in the papers. 

She wandered over to the counter and ordered an espresso and a black coffee. Once they were served up, she headed back and then sat down at the table with Kothin and slid over the coffee. 

"I didn't know how you take your coffee."

Kothin looked up at her and laughed. "I suppose reusing the same ring was arrogant." He took the coffee and blew over the top before taking a sip. 

"Well that and I could 'see' something, a whisp of light connecting your table and ours."




[^1]: Think Coffee