---
title: "0.1.1 Vision"
date: 2021-11-24T18:05:48-08:00
draft: false
enableComment: true
---
## A quick intro

Well here we go... I wanted to include some chapter by chapter commentary as I write these, but didn't want unnecessary author's notes, nor did I want them to be attached to the chapters directly. Think of this as the purely optional director's track.

And, to be fair, I will spoil the chapters as I see fit, so read those first.

When I started this story, I had a couple goals in mind.

1. A compelling character that struggles a bit with her identity, but is smart and capable; and also someone my children could see themselves as;
2. To have flexibility in how the story progressed and the fantastical elements - to be able to switch genre freely;
3. I wanted to have fun writing something;
4. And although I hate litrpg in text, I wanted to track character development and abilities in a formal way using those stats rathre than having plot armor be the only driver;
5. Other characters who behave in rational, adult ways, that have deep internal lives and motivations even if we don't know what they are; and
6. Finally I wanted to write a story for adults with adult themes and concerns.

Eventually I came up with the central conceit and started it off.

## Anyway, onto the chapter.

Here we start introducing Ella and her best friend Charlotte. They are grabbing a subway home from a club when Charlie, high as a kite, heads off down the subway tunnel (which is remarkably stupid by the way) and they end up finding a castle in New Jersey (not really).

Ella ends up getting stabbed in the chest and wakes up to find her eyes have changed to match the strange figure in her "dream." She does the very rational thing of going to an ophthalmologist to see what is going on - but the testing results reveal nothing. In the end, she ends up getting colored contacts to hide them. Our unnamed doctor will undoubtedly publish a case study on her called "Idiopathic pseudo-crystalline iritis" or something equally opaque.

When you have weird things going on in your life, a bit of denial can carry you through and Ella is definitely going that route for now.

Here is our annotated character sheet for Ella at the beginning. I'll update this here and there. Note that stats follow a bell-curve distributions, so the extremes are very extreme.

## Eesha Eleanor Jindal-Witten

- Nicknames: Ella / Els (by Charlie)
- Height: 168cm (5'6")
- Weight: 60kg (128lb)
- Hair color: Dark Brown / Black - [Fischer-Saller U](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fischer%E2%80%93Saller_scale)
- Eye color: Dark Brown - [Martin Schulz 14](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin%E2%80%93Schultz_scale)
- Skin color: Golden Honey - [Fitzpatrick 3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fitzpatrick_scale)

##### BIOGRAPHIC INFO

- DOB - September 9, 1996 at New York-Presbytarian Queens Hospital
- Grew up in Jackson Heights
- Charter class of [NEST+m](https://nestmk12.net/)
- B.S, cum laude in physics from MIT
- Ph.D. candidate, NYU

##### MEASUREMENTS

Nah, I am just kidding, doing cup sizes and body measurements is cringe.

##### STATS

Scored along a bell curve across the entire adult human population with a maximum of 100.

| Stat | Score | Comments |
| --- | :---: | --- |
| Strength | 35 | Ella is a bit under average for an average human female |
| Agility | 65 | Ballet as her hobby gave her good kinesthetic sense |
| Endurance | 65 | Running puts her above average here as well |
| Attractiveness | 75 | She is pretty good-looking |
| Intelligence | 95 | She went to a top K-12 school and is a Physics Ph.D. She should party a bit less to realize her potential |
| Judgment | 50 | She makes good decisions and mediocre ones and bad ones like following Charlie down a subway tunnel - so purely average here |
| Charm | 60 | She can be charismatic with effort but not as much without |

##### SKILLS & KNOWLEDGE

Scored along a bell curve for someone who is at least a hobbyist with a human maximum of 100.

- Ballet - 70
- Running - 50
- Mathematics - 80
- Computer coding - 65
- Physics - 85
- Punjabi - 25

Since this also follows a bell-curve but in reference to only those who have this skill rather than the human population, you can see that she is quite skilled at ballet - she could have been a professional ballerina in a smaller town than NYC but probably never a lead. That is still amazingly good.

Running, she can throw down 8km (5 miles) and often does. Which is a bit above female runner average of 5km (3.5 miles) for a reasonably regular runner and on average with a male runner. Math and Physics, she is cresting into the top tier which is where a lot of Ph.D.s would be expected to sit. Computer coding she is above average in Python and R to support her Physics work. Punjabi she speaks to her mother at about a five year old's level, her comprehension a bit higher.